you're the one the clown
yes ma'am will you say my baby yes ma'am
I'll save you and I will help meet you
ma'am
I want you all of you to be my baby's
Godfather and that is how three lawless
men with a price on their heads fell
victim to destiny and became three
Godfather's their story is a legend of
the Southwest filmed by John Ford
five-time Academy Award winner
their story becomes the most unusual
Western ever made
when my opinion chance taken about as at
least to the troubles confronting little
Robert Robert William Robert William
Pedro why didn't somebody stop me before
I promised that woman well I don't want
to grow no long white beard Neama
penitentiary maybe your growth is it it
gets down to my foots may it get the
nest of prison rats before I break my
promise to a dying woman who said I was
a little fella now I roar feed him
tonight your fish le given horse need
horse pee - Horst a lot of boys stick up
stagecoaches and banks in one thing
another but a man that had dynamite a
water hole in this kind of country's
downright criminal
you heard mr. Latham when he said $100
dead or alive I'll add $50 to it I'd
like him dead